dmn-decision-table-product/README.md, before:

# Decision Table

Axon Ivy’s DMN Decision Table util helps you to accelerate process automation
initiatives by applying DMN decision tables on your data without the need of
scripting effort. This util:

- Links process data to a decision table using low code.
- Supports DMN conformance level 3.
- Enables standardized XML-export.
- Supports you with an easy-to-copy demo implementation to reduce your
  integration effort.
- Enables low code citizen developers to integrate rules/decisioning easily.

# Decision Table Activity
Simple and expressive decision table element. 
![Process with Decision Table](images/in-action.png)

### DMN
Exposes the decision in standard [DMN](http://www.omg.org/spec/DMN/) format so that it can be run and edited in any DMN engine.
![DMN XML](images/dmn-tab.png)

### Edit
Convenient condition editing with zero scripting
![Condition Editing](images/edit-condition.png)


## Demo

After doing the setup you can download and import the demo project.

There is a demo process which gathers data and evaluates the tax
rate based on the yearly income and the gender of the person.

![Condition Editing](images/demo.png)


## Setup

1. Download the `dmn-decision-table-*.jar`
2. Copy the file into the `dropins` directory of your Axon Ivy Designer
3. Start or restart Axon Ivy Designer
4. Open a process and use the additional beans provided in the `Rules` drawer of Process Editor palette
5. Download the demo project (iar) and import it in Axon Ivy Designer

Commit message:

XIVY-10102 review: document manual install for Engine only

dmn-decision-table-product/README.md, after:

# Decision Table

Axon Ivy’s DMN Decision Table util helps you to accelerate process automation
initiatives by applying DMN decision tables on your data without the need of
scripting effort. This util:

- Links process data to a decision table using low code.
- Supports DMN conformance level 3.
- Enables standardized XML-export.
- Supports you with an easy-to-copy demo implementation to reduce your
  integration effort.
- Enables low code citizen developers to integrate rules/decisioning easily.

# Decision Table Activity
Simple and expressive decision table element. 
![Process with Decision Table](images/in-action.png)

### DMN
Exposes the decision in standard [DMN](http://www.omg.org/spec/DMN/) format so that it can be run and edited in any DMN engine.
![DMN XML](images/dmn-tab.png)

### Edit
Convenient condition editing with zero scripting
![Condition Editing](images/edit-condition.png)


## Demo

After doing the setup you can download and import the demo project.

There is a demo process which gathers data and evaluates the tax
rate based on the yearly income and the gender of the person.

![Condition Editing](images/demo.png)


## Setup

If you need this extensions on an Axon Ivy Engine. Proceed as follows:

1. Download the `dmn-decision-table-*.jar`
2. Copy the file into the `dropins` directory of your Axon Ivy Engine
3. Start or restart Axon Ivy Engine
4. Deploy projects that involve DMN Decision Tables.
